Oh, I hope Tad likes salmon.
It’s a bit of a risk
serving fish...
to a first-time diner
at Dunphy’s.
Maybe I should
marinate a steak
for backup.
I think someone
has a man crush.
First of all,
I would never date
a potential client.
That’s first of all.
Secondly, I really
need this to go well
so he makes me his Realtor.
This guy’s flippin’ properties
like they’re extras
in a kung fu movie.
So you’re just kissing up
to this guy
for his money.
Not just.
I really like him.
He travels the world
doing charity work,
rock climbs, flies planes.
How does he have time
to do all that?
Got divorced
and his whole life opened up.
Guy’s livin’ the dream.
His dream. Not my dream.
I’m living my dream.
You’re my dream.
You can stop.
I so don’t want to do this.
Recently, Haley got
a little creative on one
of her college applications...
and listed herself
as a Big Sister.
Technically,
I am a big sister.
She capitalized
the "B" and the "S."
Which makes sense,
’cause it was.
So Claire and
I suggested that–
Forced.
that she volunteer
for the organization.
We couldn’t be prouder.
We could. A little bit.
Hey, Dad, did you
accidentally leave...
this hilarious book
of lawyer jokes
in the guest room?
I’ll tell you
if you can answer
the following question:
What’s the difference between
a catfish and a lawyer?
I don’t know. What?
Well, one’s
a bottom-feeding
mud dweller.
The other’s a fish.
Zing! Aaah.
Okay, everyone,
dinner is served.
Let’s get it.
Our house is
being fumigated,
so Jay and Gloria...
invited us
to stay here
for a few days.
I’m very excited
to have 72 hours
with this one.
We don’t get to spend
much time together,
so I know that we’re
gonna be like,
um– um–
Fred and Ginger?
[ Chuckles ]
Who?
Movie night!
[ Laughs, Squeals ]
[ Squeals ]
It’s noisier than usual
around here.
[ Both Laughing ]
Oh, gosh.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Tad, this wine is fantastic.
Spend a week in Mendoza,
and you’ll find a dozen
or so Malbec producers...
that’ll give most Bordeaux
a real run for their money.
Hmm.
[ Chuckles ]
I’m sorry.
This should come with a warning:
"May cause pretentiousness."
You should come with a warning:
"May be fascinating."
Oh!
Oh, gosh.
Oh, that’s like
the ninth time this screw
has popped out.
Oh, you know what?
I need the angled screwdriver.
I left it at the office.
I, um– I keep it there
because of all my signs.
I’ll, uh, put up
a "for sale" sign,
and next day, of course, I gotta
put up that "sold" banner.
Yeah.
Then next day, same deal.
For sale, sold.
[ Chuckles ]
Mm-hmm.
For sale, sold.
Great, great salesman.
I’m getting that.
For sale, sold.
Right. Listen, I gotta
go relieve the babysitter.
My ex-wife took 50% of my stuff
and left me 100% of my kids.
[ Both Laugh ]
They’re great.
Hey, listen, um, thank you
so much for coming.
Yeah.
Oh, no, thank you, Phil,
so much for the salmon...
and the steak
and the chicken
and the shrimp.
I mean, it was all
just delicious.
Great.
This guy is very lucky
to have you.
Oh.
Okay. Thanks.
Yeah.
All right.
[ Chuckles ]
Let me grab that.
Bye-bye.
[ Claire ]
- Did you see that?
- A handshake that
almost became a hug?
Yeah, I saw it. I lived it.
I think I’m in.
No, honey.
He kissed me on the lips.
Another good sign!
It’s not a good sign.
Sweetie, you don’t think
that’s weird?
The guy’s a world traveler.
He has a time-share
in Costa Rica.
That’s probably
how they do it there.
Oh, no, honey.
It felt like he lingered.
It’s a progressive culture.
Most of ’em travel
by zip line.
Mmm.
[ Jay ]
Biscuits and gravy?
Yep. My grandma Bitsy’s
secret recipe,
given to her...
by her housekeeper, Delilah,
who raised her
and was her best friend.
Kind of like The Help,
except Delilah was white,
and was actually herself
quite the racist.
Eat up.
Good morning!
Hi, Mom.
Hi, sweetheart.
Ah. Where did those come from?
- Yeah, I thought amaryllis
were out of season.
- Oh, I got a guy.
You know, I just thought
they’d brighten up the house
a little bit.
Oh, that was so thoughtful
of you.
I didn’t realize that my house
needed brightening up.
There she is!
Gloria, Gloria!
¡Ay!
Let me fix your hair.
Oh, well, isn’t that sweet.
I didn’t realize
her hair was broken.
Oh, that smells delicious,
but nothing for me.
I’ve got
an early work lunch.
Really?
I didn’t hear an ambulance.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah, it’s funny
because it’s what
I’ve dedicated my life to.
Oh, is this that meeting
with the deejay
with the funny name?
- Booker Bell.
- Booker Bell?
- Everybody now!
Booker Bell was only
the greatest deejay...
in the history
of drive time radio.
Yeah, well, now he has some
wetlands that developers want,
and we’re trying to get him
to donate for preservation.
When I was on the road selling,
I used to listen to Booker
all the time.
He practically invented
the prank phone call.
Okay. Wish me luck.
[ Cameron ]
Good luck, sweetie.
Booker would play a prank,
the sucker would be twisting
in the wind,
and just when you couldn’t
stand it anymore,
he’d say,
"Guess who just got
their Bell rung?"
[ Chuckles ]
God, I’d love to meet him.
Oh, they’re just
goin’ down to Ray’s.
You should pop down.
I’m sure he’d love
to meet a fan.
I don’t know.
I met Boz Scaggs once.
Got all tongue-tied.
Oh, you’ll be fine.
Oh– Oh, Lily,
it’s time for school,
sweetie.
Oh, I can take her.
Yay! Yay!
Oh. That’d be great.
Yeah, that’d give me
some more time
to clean the kitchen.
Maybe do a little dusting.
[ Jay ]
Delicious, Cam.
[ Manny ] Mm-hmm.
Annie was amazing.
So funny and cute and sweet.
- Yeah, you’ve said.
- She made this
for me last night.
Look how
she signs
her name...
with
that big
loopy "A."
I’m totally going to frame this.
I made this
for Haley
four years ago.
You think this
got framed?
She tossed it
in the garbage–
right after she wrote
"Mrs. Haley Jonas Brothers"
on it, like, 30 times.
The tax write-off alone
makes financial sense,
you know, even if you take
the environment out of it.
Well, don’t take
Without the wetlands,
there’s no ducks.
Without the ducks,
there’s nothing
for me to shoot at.
Okay, well,
we’re shootin’ from
two different angles,
but, uh, hopefully
we’ll end up
at the same place.
Mitch.
Dad.
I just had to stop down
and meet this guy.
Booker Bell,
I’m Boz Scaggs–
No, I mean–
Jay Pritchett,
damn it!
- It’s nice to meet you.
- This is such an honor.
- You are hands-down my favorite
radio personality of all time.
- That’s kind of you to say.
Okay. Well, thanks
for stopping by, Dad.
I gotta tell you one thing.
I’ll see you back
at the house.
One time, when I was driving
from Youngstown to Sugar Creek,
you called this guy
at a kitty litter company...
and you asked him
to bring over 900 pounds
of litter.
And in the background,
you heard all these lions
roarin’ and–
[ Laughing ]
[ Chuckles ]
I– I laughed so hard,
I almost had an accident.
The car or you?
Funny as ever.
Anyway–
Hey, are you still in touch
with the old gang?
Grandma Groovy?
Spaceman Clyde?
- Are you kiddin’?
I am the old gang.
- No way.
[ Woman’s Voice ]
I may be old,
but I still know how to boogie.
My God, it’s like she’s here!
[ Booker Chuckles ]
She is here.
How are you still
not getting this?
[ Cell Phone Beeping ]
That’s her.
Excuse me for a second.
What are you doing?
What? I’m a fan.
I came down to say hi.
This is a business meeting.
Do you have any idea
how inappropriate this is?
No. No, of course you don’t,
because as far
as you’re concerned,
all a lawyer does
is walk into a bar
with a rabbi and a polar bear.
Grizzly, ’cause otherwise,
when the bartender says–
Dad, I’m working!
You’re embarrassing
both of us.
Please, you gotta go.
All right,
I didn’t realize that.
Yeah. Yeah, you didn’t.
I’m sorry. Go.
[ Exhales ]
Hey.
Hey, where’s my stalker?
Oh, he’s gone.
Got rid of him.
Sorry that
he attacked you like that.
Attacked? Nah.
I don’t mind a little smoke
up my bloomers.
Well, I just thought
since this was
a business meeting–
And you thought maybe having
somebody make me feel good
would wreck it?
There’s-There’s been
a lot of tension
between me and my dad.
I’m actually staying
at his house,
and it’s just–
Oh, so you chased away
a man who’s opened his home
to you.
I get the sense
that I’m losing you.
Could I talk
to Grandma Groovy?
Honey, I’m home.
Well, I didn’t expect you
so early, dear.
What? You?
Yeah, look who came by
to fix the table.
Well, I had some time
to kill,
so I thought I’d drop by with
that tool your wife needed.
Mmm.
- Wow. What a guy.
- Mm-hmm.
He also brought some wine.
Well, you said you liked it
last night,
so I had a couple
extra bottles lyin’ around–
- Boy, do you know the way
to this gal’s heart.
- [ Chuckles ]
I didn’t just come here
to fix your table
and get your wife drunk.
I actually decided
to give you that listing
on the Sycamore property.
- Really? That’s great.
- Yeah.
Why don’t you come over
for dinner tonight...
and, uh, we’ll work out
all the details–
One entrée.
Okay.
Claire, you should come too.
Oh, no, no. No, no.
If it’s business, I’m–
I insist.
He insists.
We’ll be there.
We’re coming.
Shall we say, uh, 7:00?
7:00 sounds great.
Okay.
All right.
I’ll let myself out.
Okay.
- [ Door Opens ]
- Wow.
[ Door Closes ]
Wow is right.
Mm-hmm.
I just got Sycamore,
a house that sells itself
and gives me the commission.
How does that not bother you?
Claire, it’s an expression.
There’s work.
Inspections, appraisals–
He brought me wine.
He took his shirt off
when you weren’t here.
Um, he brought us wine,
and it doesn’t look
super-vacuumed down there.
I’m surprised
he kept his pants on.
Okay. Okay. I can see
what’s going on.
You’re just so focused
on getting his business...
that you don’t see
what’s going on
in front of you.
Okay. Now I do see
what’s going on.
What?
Come here, pretty girl.
You are, you know.
You don’t hear it enough.
The other night,
when you put on makeup,
I was like, "There she is."
Oh, my God.
You think I’m making this up
as some part of an ego boost?
Do you realize
how insulting that is?
[ Door Opens ]
What are you doing?
Helping my little sister
with her homework.
That seems... mean.
Annie, this is Alex–
that other sister
I was telling you about.
Hi. So nice to meet you.
Um, if you’re going
to study there,
you might need to correct
numbers seven through 10.
This bed has higher standards
than that bed.
I’m going to get
some more lemonade.
I think your sister’s mad
at our sister.
- We’re back!
- Oh, well, there you are.
I guess "lunch, then home"
means different things
to different people.
We had a girls’ day.
Lily, Lily, come.
Show your papa
what we bought.
Matching jackets!
It’s like she’s
the baby leopard
and I’m the mama.
Or they just happened
to have two jackets,
one large, one small.
[ Drawer Opens ]
What happened here?
Where is my tea?
Oh, it’s in this drawer
over here.
As a thank-you,
I took some time...
to rearrange your kitchen
so it makes sense.
To who?
To everyone.
There’s a flow now.
Watch.
Tea, mug, kettle.
You’re welcome.
I didn’t thank you.
You don’t have to.
I won’t.
[ Sighs ]
Cam, our shared bathroom
is not the place to work out
whatever’s going on here.
I’m a child of divorce.
Conflict resolution
is something of a specialty.
The key is,
tell a personal story
that applies to their situation,
even if you have to
make one up.
That way, they really hear
what they need to hear.
I’m sorry. You’re right.
No. I’m sorry I snapped.
I’m just going through
some stuff with this girl
I like, Danielle.
She came over the other day,
and Stella was all over her,
and I got jealous,
which is crazy, right?
I mean, Stella
was only playing with her
because she was new.
Manny, sounds like Danielle
was trying to get between
you and your puppy,
and that ain’t cool.
She seems immature,
and you can do better.
I’m sorry to be blunt,
but I’m goin’ through somethin’
myself right now.
So chin up. Okay.
It may not work every time,
but you only need one fish
to bite.
Who is this Danielle?
She’s my study partner
in my history class,
and we share a notebook.
But her notes
are really confusing,
so I put them in order.
Instead of thanking me
for making our lives easier,
she got all mad
because she thought
I was judging her.
This girl
is very bad news, Manny.
You stay away from her.
Hey.
Hi.
We’re Phil and Claire.
Hey. I’m Tony.
Come on in.
I’ll go get my dad.
Okay.
Great. Thanks.
Wow.
I don’t like the way
that kid was looking at you.
We are not friends right now.
I am only here to help
pump up the college fund.
Claire, if Tad even makes
a move towards you,
his ass is grass.
Really?
I thought that was just my ego.
So far, yeah,
but just know I’m ready
to grass his ass.
[ Tad ]
Hey, hey, hey, guys.
Oh, hey.
Hey, how are you?
Good, good.
Good to see you.
Yeah.
Hi. That’s good.
Well, I love the place.
Did you remodel this?
Uh, actually, my ex-wife.
She had a, uh, passion
for modern architecture...
and at least one
modern architect.
[ Both Chuckle ]
I have to
sell this one next.
Really?
Wow. I love how open it is.
Do you mind
if I poke around?
Yeah.
It’s beautiful.
All right. Thanks.
Tad, if you don’t need my help
anymore with the kids,
I’ll be going.
Thank you so much, Ellen.
You’re welcome.
Mmm. Okay,
we’ll see you later.
I saw this house
eight years ago.
There used to be
a wall here, right?
That’s right. That’s right.
That was all covered.
Yeah. I’m a detail guy.
Hard to get much past me.
[ Chuckles ]
Hello, hello.
Hey, how are you?
Good, Tad.
How you doing?
Bye, Daddy.
Bye, sweetie.
Bye, Dad.
Have fun.
Okay. See you later.
All right, bye.
Come on, guys.
Let’s go.
Bye.
These stairs used
to be teak, am I right?
This guy’s good.
Yeah. He’s good.
He’s sharp.
I forgot my bag.
You do that every time.
[ Laughs ]
Yeah.
[ Door Closes ]
I don’t miss much.
Oh, I’m sorry.
Were you trying to read?
You’re the one
who tries to read.
Oh, my gosh!
I am not that stupid!
Seriously, Haley,
you think you are
the coolest person ever.
Stop just judging me
about everything that I do!
Enough! Enough!
I am so sick of you two
fighting all the time.
You’re a bad big sister,
and you’re a bad little sister.
And you’re both
bad big sisters to me.
Be normaler.
[ Door Slams ]
Wow.
I’ve never seen him
like that.
Well, we do kind of neglect him.
And if you think about it,
he is kind of our little sister.
Remember how we used
to dress him up?
I miss her.
[ Luke ]
I hear you, and I don’t like
where this is going.
You get the lipstick.
I’ll get the bra
and tennis balls.
Betty Luke!
[ Luke ]
I will burn this house down!
[ Grunting ]
[ Lettuce Tearing ]
♪♪ [ Stereo: Latin Pop ]
Where is the cheese grater?
Where is the cutting board?
Where would you want it to be?
Yes, right here,
next to the cheese grater.
I know it’s hard to tell
by looking at me,
but I am not
a natural homemaker.
So when Cam came
and organized my kitchen,
I felt insecure
and lashed out.
In a way, I’m no better
than Manny’s crazy friend
Danielle.
Can we just focus
on the cooking?
♪♪ [ Stereo Off ]
Daddy, we forgot
to give you this.
It’s like our jackets.
I love it.
I guess I’ve always
been a little sensitive
about Lily not having a mother,
and Gloria’s so good at it.
I got jealous.
Maybe I should tell Manny
this story.
It might help him
with that train wreck,
Danielle.
You know what?
Why don’t you turn
that music back on?
It was kind of nice.
♪♪ [ Resumes ]
[ Balls Clack ]
Hey, Dad?
Don’t need
to talk about it.
I was out of line
comin’ down there.
It won’t happen again.
- Scotch is at the bar.
- No, I’ve been giving this
a lot of thought.
- I guess
we’re gonna talk about it.
- I was rude to you.
I think I was just annoyed
by all the lawyer jokes.
I mean, let’s be honest.
You don’t exactly beam
with pride over what
I do for a living.
Mockery is the sincerest form
of flattery.
I’m pretty sure that’s
not the saying, but–
Um, you know,
Manny told me a story
about his friend Danielle.
Whew. She sounds like
a real piece of work,
by the way.
But, uh, it made me realize
that I take myself
a little too seriously.
Listen,
it goes without saying...
I’ve always been proud of you,
and I brag about you
all the time.
So if I say, "What do lawyers
use as birth control?",
and the answer is,
"Their personalities,"
I want you to know
I’m not referring to you.
You don’t need
any birth control.
[ Laughs ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
Yeah, this is Jay Pritchett.
- What? When?
- What happened?
It’s the police.
My car got stolen.
Yeah, 2012. Gray.
No, not pewter.
More like a light– like a–
No, not slate. Um–
I don’t even know
what Coastal Fog is.
Just put down gray.
Kilo? That’s not my car.
Yeah, she’s Colombian.
What does that have to do with–
No, I’m comin’ down there.
Hang on.
Grab your keys.
I think I might need a lawyer.
[ Door Closes ]
Guess who
just got his Bell rung?
[ Laughing ]
That’s good.
It’s good.
Here you go.
Have a seat.
I got a bottle of port
from 1899.
Whoa.
Wow.
Okay, I got it for 18.99,
but it’s a good one.
[ Claire, Phil Laugh ]
[ Loud Kissing ]
[ Clears Throat ]
Fun night, right?
Yes.
Great dinner.
And Tad is great,
and I know I was giving you
a hard time–
Hey.
Hey, hey, Claire.
but I feel like I should say
that I’m sorry.
You don’t need to explain.
Your apology
is apology enough.
Oh, I forgot the best part
of the Costa Rica story.
So we get home,
and they’ve taken over
the living room.
They’ve taken over the kitchen.
I mean, they’re in the food.
They’re on the bed.
And finally, after two years
of complaining to Diego
about this,
he finally stops and says,
"Okay, now I see it.
You do have
a monkey problem."
A monkey problem!
Yeah, I heard him
the first time.
You can kiss my wife,
you can take her to bed,
but you cannot make her laugh.
I want to go back.
You can kiss my wife,
but only I can take her to bed
and make her laugh.
I want to go back.
Only I can take my wife
to bed, comma,
and make her laugh.
[ Laughing ]
I mean,
they were in everything.
The only thing
they didn’t touch:
the bananas.
Monkeys love bananas!
You would think
they would love the bananas!
Yeah, we should go.
They’d want the bananas.
Yeah, we need to go.
We gotta get goin’.
Oh, no, no, no.
Yeah, we’re late.
But we just opened the–
We’re late
for getting home.
We’re having–
Let’s go.
Okay.
[ Tad Chuckles ]
[ Claire ]
What is wrong with you?
You laughed like it
was "Who’s on first?"
What?
He’s on second.
Don’t try to cheer me up.
I know what’s going on here.
You’re jealous.
Of him?
Uh-huh.
He’s not even funny.
What’s he got,
like a soft 10 minutes?
And he goes
to the Costa Rican well
a little too much for my taste.
Oh, God.
[ Laughs ]
Really? This is still
about the monkeys?
No, no, no, no.
It’s you.
You are making me so happy
right now.
You stormed out of there,
and you’re acting
like an idiot.
You like this?
Because I’m really
uncomfortable.
Honey, I love it.
Makes me feel special.
Sometimes I really don’t
understand you.
I know it’s stupid,
but it’s nice to know
that sometimes
you’ll fight for me,
and all I have to do is laugh
at some other guy’s story.
But no one makes me laugh
like you do.
As long
as it’s always genuine.
Mm-hmm.
You can fake
anything you want with me,
but not your laugh.
I’d like to go back.
Yeah.
[ Luke ]
Stop it! Leave me alone!
[ Haley ]
Oh, hold still!
[ Alex ] Stop moving!
[ Luke ]
I hate you! Get off me!
What is going on?
You guys are in a lot
of trouble.
Haley, I told you
to clean this mess up.
And, Alex,
your books are everywhere.
Betty Luke, sit down
while your dad gets the camera.
Got it.
Last time,
you made a funny face...
and we didn’t really get
a good shot,
so let’s work on our smile.
Okay. Good to see you,
Betty Luke.